Don't add an empty data slot to ABI-encoded empty strings from storage (#13001)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * Type Checker: Properly check restrictions of ``using ... global`` in conjunction with libraries.

>  * Assembly-Json: Fix assembly json export to store jump types of operations in `jumpType` field instead of `value`.

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing this, but I think we should do this in its own pull request.

 * TypeChecker: Convert parameters of function type to how they would be called for ``abi.encodeCall``.
 * View Pure Checker: Mark ``returndatasize`` and ``returndatacopy`` as view to disallow them in inline assembly blocks in pure functions.

>  * ABI Encoding: Fix bug when encoding string in storage that is empty.

Reviewer: Maybe `remove padding for empty storage strings`?

Reviewer: Also maybe `ABI Encoder` - we usually list a component of the compiler.

 * SMTChecker: Fix bug when z3 is selected but not available at runtime.
 * SMTChecker: Fix ABI compatibility with z3 >=4.8.16.
 * TypeChecker: Convert parameters of function type to how they would be called for ``abi.encodeCall``.

>  * ABI Encoder: When encoding an empty string coming from storage do not add a superfluous empty slot for data.

Reviewer: This needs to be moved now.

 * SMTChecker: Fix bug when z3 is selected but not available at runtime.
 * SMTChecker: Fix ABI compatibility with z3 >=4.8.16.
 * TypeChecker: Convert parameters of function type to how they would be called for ``abi.encodeCall``.

>  * View Pure Checker: Mark ``returndatasize`` and ``returndatacopy`` as view to disallow them in inline assembly blocks in pure functions.

Reviewer 2: This should not be here. It's a part of a reverted PR.

 * SMTChecker: Fix ABI compatibility with z3 >=4.8.16.
 * TypeChecker: Convert parameters of function type to how they would be called for ``abi.encodeCall``.
 * View Pure Checker: Mark ``returndatasize`` and ``returndatacopy`` as view to disallow them in inline assembly blocks in pure functions.

>  * ABI Encoder: Fix bug when encoding string in storage that is empty.

Reviewer 2: We should be more specific about what the bug was:
```suggestion
 * ABI Encoder: When encoding an empty string coming from storage do not add a superfluous empty slot for data.
```

Reviewer: At least for me, "slot" is a term that only applies to storage.

Reviewer 2: Technically yes, but I don't think we have a word for "a slot-sized amount of memory" and I think that "slot" is still understandable in this context.

How would you word it without referring to it as a slot?
